Support proxy indexes through reversible artifact URLs (#20790)
astral-sh/uv: docs/concepts/indexes.md

With `--preview-features index-by-name`, configured index names take precedence over matching paths.

> ## Proxy indexes

Reviewer: This should have an admonition that it's in preview

Author: OK but that's a documentation-only thing, right? We don't actually need a preview flag for this, since the presence or absence of the configuration would trigger the behavior

Reviewer: No we should still have a preview flag. Our standard is to have a preview flag since we may make breaking changes to the new behavior. The flag is not required for usage, you can opt-in via configuration, but without the flag we emit a warning that you're using a preview feature.

> Proxy indexes route package resolution and downloads through a proxy without changing the original

Reviewer: "through a proxy" is self-referential
```suggestion
Proxy indexes route package resolution and downloads through an alternative registry without changing the original
```

index and package download URLs recorded in lockfiles. This lets different environments use their

> own proxies without changing shared lockfiles.

Reviewer: "different environments" is overloaded. Maybe... 

```suggestion
index and package download URLs recorded in lockfiles. Proxy indexes are useful when you have a local policy, e.g., required use of a registry with dependency cooldowns applied, that is not shared by all users of a project. Informing uv of the relationship between the proxy index and upstream index avoids incompatible changes to the lockfile.
```

hm

Proxy indexes are declared as ordinary `[[tool.uv.index]]` entries with a `proxy-for` field that
names the original index. The proxy's `url` tells uv where to look up packages, and its
`artifact-base-url` tells uv where to download them.

> For example, to access PyPI through a proxy:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to configure a proxy for PyPI:
```

```toml
[[tool.uv.index]]
name = "pypi-proxy"
url = "https://proxy.example.com/simple/"
artifact-base-url = "https://proxy.example.com/files/"
proxy-for = "pypi"
```

PyPI does not need to be configured separately. uv uses `https://pypi.org/simple/` as its index URL

> and `https://files.pythonhosted.org/packages/` as its package download URL prefix.

Reviewer: I dunno if we need to say this. Maybe I'd move it to a note admonition?

uv queries the proxy when resolving dependencies and downloads packages from the proxy, but records
the original index and package download URLs in the lockfile. When installing from an existing
lockfile, uv translates the original package URLs to proxy URLs without querying the proxy's index.

> Authentication and caching use the proxy's URLs.

Reviewer: Should we say "upstream" instead of "original"?

Reviewer: Maybe "records the upstream index and package download URLs as the canonical references in the lockfile"? to link the "upstream" and "canonical" concepts? not sure

> Authentication and caching use the proxy's URLs.

Reviewer: I'm not sure we need to note authentication / caching here.

> To proxy a different index, give the original index a name and an `artifact-base-url`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To proxy a different index, give the original index a `name` and an `artifact-base-url`:
```
